Adding a search UI so you can filter some sets criteria like name/ID, DLC it was added with, set type (crafted, overland, trial, ...), bonuses (number and description text contents like "stamina" or "weapon damage" etc.), and so on.
It will show you a scrollable list of all found/matching set names and if you move the mouse above a row you will see a tooltip of an set item of that set (legendary quality).

All of the possible criteria is collected within LibSets data already, so we do not have access to ALL stuff, but a lot (including drop zones of the game, drop type (overland boss chest, etc.).
-> Many of the possible data can be shown at the set tooltips already today, via the LibSets settings menu.

I need some assistance for the UI please (currently only Keyboard mode, Gamepad mode might follow in the future!!!)
-What do you think about the current UI idea I've created?
-Would you change anything at the UI?
-What search / filter criteria would you add (if possible/available within LibSets or game API)?
-What results list columns would you add?
-Would you show the results list column entries as icon (e.g. armor type, slot type) or text (L/M/H, ...)?

A beta version can be downloaded here (will be updated here and there so update it from the link regularly please):
https://github.com/Baertram/LibSets/archive/refs/heads/PTS.zip
(Attention: Make sure to only extract the "LibSets" folder in the zip's subfolder "LibSets-PTS" )

-> You can open/close the Set search UI via the chat slash command /lss or /libsetssearch


[Here is a description of the screenshot]
https://i.imgur.com/tjfkIPA.jpg

The LibSets Set Search UI is a rectangular movable UI with fixed size. It got some some search filters at the top: (1), (2).
Some search (3) and reset (4) buttons.
A scrollable results list (5) shows the set names found and the counter (6) shows the number of currently filtered /total sets. 

(1) Search filters with Multi-Select dropdown boxes for "Set type", "Armor type", "Weapon type", "Equipment type (slot)", "DLC ID it was added with", "Enchantment search category" (basically the enchantment on the item -> !!!This filter is not working yet!!!): You can open the drodpowns and select 1 or multiple entries.
-> Filters will be applied as a "base search" if you click on the "Search button" (3)!

(2) Search filter edit boxes. You can enter multiple search terms comma separated.
The search name field can also use setIds (e.g. 615, or 80 for Hunding's Rage).
The bonuses field accepts a prefix + to include, and -to exclude a bonus. 
The bonuses field will search the set's bonus description text in your client language, so you can use e.g. +stamina, -magicka to find any set where the bonus description contains stamina but does not contain magicka.

Changing the search editfields (2) will start to update the resultslista fter 500 milliseconds, directly. You do not need to use the Search (3) button!

(3) Search button: Applies the multiselect dropdown filters (1) as a prefilter to the results list (5).
(4) Reset button: Resets the multiselect dropdown filters (1) and search edit boxes (2) to default values

(5) Results list of filtered sets. If you move your mouse above a list row it will show the Set's tooltip (7) at the left/right (depending on the available space) of the Set's search UI rectangle.
-> The tooltip will contain the LibSet's tooltip enhancements at the bottom, if enabled in LibSets' settings menu!

The current columns of the results list are:
a) Set name in client language (text)
b) Armor or weapon type (number)
c) Equipment type/slot (number)
d) SetId (number)

